ColdWasabi: update using hww step-by-step (#1315)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/ColdWasabi.md

## Using hardware wallet step-by-step

1. Start your Wasabi Wallet and go to `Add Wallet`.

> 2. Click on `Connect to hardware wallet` and then connect the hardware wallet via cable. Alternatively, you can import a Coldcard skeleton file via SD card by using `Import Wallet` at the add wallet dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on `Connect to hardware wallet` and then connect the hardware wallet via cable. Alternatively, you can import a Coldcard skeleton file via SD card by using `Import Wallet` at the `Add Wallet` dialog.
```

3. Confirm that the detected hardware wallet is correct.
4. Click `Open`, and wait for the wallet to load.
5. Now you can [receive](/using-wasabi/Receive.md) bitcoin to addresses controlled by the hardware wallet.

> 6. You can [spend](/using-wasabi/Send.md) these coins in the `Send` dialog, though the hardware wallet must be connected via USB to confirm before signing the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. You can [spend](/using-wasabi/Send.md) these coins in the `Send` dialog, though the hardware wallet must be connected via USB to sign the transaction.
```
